Clarify use of seektable in containers (#162)
ietf-wg-cellar/flac-specification: flac.md

## Seektable

> The seektable metadata block can be used to store seek points. It is possible to seek to any given sample in a FLAC stream without a seek table, but the delay can be unpredictable since the bitrate may vary widely within a stream. By adding seek points to a stream, this delay can be significantly reduced.  There MUST NOT be more than one seektable metadata block in a stream, but the table can have any number of seek points.

Author: ```suggestion
The seektable metadata block can be used to store seek points. It is possible to seek to any given sample in a FLAC stream without a seek table, but the delay can be unpredictable since the bitrate may vary widely within a stream. By adding seek points to a stream, this delay can be significantly reduced. There MUST NOT be more than one seektable metadata block in a stream, but the table can have any number of seek points.
```

> Each seek point takes 18 bytes, so a seek table with 1% resolution within a stream adds less than 2KB of data. The number of seek points is implied by the metadata header 'length' field, i.e. equal to length / 18. There is also a special 'placeholder' seekpoint which will be ignored by decoders but which can be used to reserve space for future seek point insertion.

Reviewer: nit: I would add a space at `2 KB`

Author: In #167 I spelled these out (megabyte, gigabyte). Probably best to keep it consistent. As the document has a lot of mentions of bytes, perhaps best to spell this one out? What do you think?

Reviewer: Yes, let’s keep it consistent.

> Each seek point takes 18 bytes, so a seek table with 1% resolution within a stream adds less than 2KB of data. The number of seek points is implied by the metadata header 'length' field, i.e. equal to length / 18. There is also a special 'placeholder' seekpoint which will be ignored by decoders but which can be used to reserve space for future seek point insertion.

Author: ```suggestion
Each seek point takes 18 bytes, so a seek table with 1% resolution within a stream adds less than 2 kilobyte of data. The number of seek points is implied by the metadata header 'length' field, i.e. equal to length / 18. There is also a special 'placeholder' seekpoint which will be ignored by decoders but which can be used to reserve space for future seek point insertion.
```
